Updating the configuration of an existing AWOS lambda function is another important concept that you
should understand and apply it easily.
And actually we saw an example of that while we were updating the function code for our Python window
function as you can see here.
And this time let's use another way for updating the configuration for our lambda function.
And this time let's change the memory size that we have for the lambda function.
All right now all of this go down here and define a new method and I'll say and I want to increase the
memory size of my when the function ulcerate increase lambda execution memory.
All right so now I want to pass in the function name that I want to increase the memory and also the
new memory size that I want to apply to this function.
So I'll say new memory and new memory size actually and within my method I want to return lambda client
and say update function can figuration
and the function name this time is as always a function name.
From my parameters and this time I want to increase the memory size not the code or source code of my
lambda function.
I'll pass in memory size and with my memory size key I want to pass in my new memory size.
So let's just go down and call our method.
So let's just comment this Lynell first.
And now let's say increase lambda execution memory and for the function name I pass in my Python window
function and I'm going to provide two hundred and fifty six as the new memory of my lambda function.
Right now let's go and hit run and see what's going to happen.
Here we go.
Let's switch back to our AWOS console.
And as you can remember our initial memory size what was one hundred and twenty eight.
If we go and hit three fresh and if we go a little bit down and here we go our memory site is now updated
to 200 and 56 as we expect it with our code.
All right.
This is basically how we can update the memory size of your lambda function and it is very easy to do
so as you saw with our example.